New Featured Artist: False Noise (#2699)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-10-23-new-featured-artist-false-noise.md

We've managed to snag **11** tracks from his wide catalogue of sound, including *Skyshards*, *Serpentine* and *Kek*, bringing people the **False Noise** they know and love, with a sprinkling of extra tracks as well.

Take a listen for yourself and see what all the hype's about:

### Scarlet Red

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/52/previews/1528.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### Shiver

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/52/previews/1530.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### Serpentine

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/52/previews/1529.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### Emerald Green

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/52/previews/1522.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### Kek

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/52/previews/1527.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

-------

> As always, the above tracks and all the others are immediately available from [**False Noise's** Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/52) for modding and mapping, no fuss, and 100% free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As always, the above tracks and all the others are immediately available from [**False Noise**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/52) for modding and mapping, no fuss, and 100% free.
```

This now leaves us with this week's newest dilemma: the ominous *hint* of our next release to come. Toy's got the reins on this one, so I'll leave it to him:

> *You wake up in a dark room. The pungent stench of blight and mildew fills your lungs as you fiddle around for a light switch.*

Reviewer: if the italics is just for the quote you should use actual quote syntax instead

Author: i'm not sure how our news parser handles blockquotes to be honest

Reviewer: welp I'm not either so nvm

*You flip the power on rejuvenating the light bulb's core.*

*A lone spider spins an immaculate web in the windowsill—a harsh contrast to the hundreds of corpses that lay waste beyond the silk dream-catcher.*

*Distant figures celebrate, chugging alcohol and blaring music.*

*"What are those things? Trolls?" you mutter,  mind racing trying to recall anything about their arrival.*

*You catch a green speck dart behind you. "We're better."*

But what does this all mean? Spooky! Find out next week!

> —Ephemeral, Toy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
—Ephemeral and Toy
```
reads a little better when "by" is put in front of it, I think
